in model: clarify causal model vs. utility

goal: improve
goal: judge think they're smart
goal: success

choosing hard tasks
how much effort is expended

mindset mattered
were the kids succeding mattered
whether kids thought they had high ability mattered


all the different ways you can replicate that 

noah likes difficulty

why are there so many people in academia people who have a fixed mindset?
they seek out challenges because they think they have high ability.


succeed
get better
other people think well of them

we are going to give you a bonus in this task if:
  the next subject thinks you're smart
  you perform well in a followup study
  etc.
  
causal intervention would be awesome!!!
maybe theory and goals are not causally related. you could think that you grow by practice and effort but desperately want to look smart in front of friends.

don't use "growth" to refer to goal.
that's confounded in the literature.

theory of growth
theory of performance
different utility/value asignments (for past/future for success/judgement)

if i have a theory that my skill can change, that could cause me to expend effort for two totally different reasons.
for jugement OR for success OR i value getting better
if you're expending effort because of your beliefs that it will pay off later
then people who are better at delaying gratification will be more likely to expend effort
if you think that folks with a growth mindset are putting in effor becuase that will help them succeed in the future, then giving them a monetized incentive to do well on the next trial.......or "how much will you pay for training?"

relative value on two different outcomes.
  you could get practice on this vs. you could succeed on that
  monkey but study
  how much they prefer one over the other
  used to assess the relative value that monkeys placed on looking at other monkey's butts
  assessing value given to some higher level stimulus
  
classic: you think that intelligence is fixed or you think that it can't change
or is it just whether effort affects this?

version of improvement
closer to pure changeability?
no change vs. improve

generalization to some other task.
task specific ability always changes
the other (general) ability either can or can't change
it would mattera lot whether you thought the next thing you were going to do 

reducing variance 

run the experiments
  in a novel domain
  in a malleable domain (?)
  in a fixed domain (math?)
  
  
